Handle AccessDeniedException in get config in aws_backup_vault table. Fixes #11156 (#1163)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_backup_vault.md

If you require different encryption keys or access policies for different groups of backups, you can optionally create multiple backup vaults. Otherwise, you can have all your backups organized in the default backup vault.

> **Note:** If you pass in the name of a vault in where clause that doesn't exist or you don't have access to (through the vault's access policy), you will get empty row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you run a query to get information on a particular vault, e.g., `select * from aws_backup_vault where name = 'myvault'`, and you don't have access to that vault, no rows will be returned instead of an `AccessDeniedException`.
```
